Edu 6799 updadte products names guides en part 2 (#1873)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/guides/paywall-edge-function-jwt/paywall-edge-function-jwt.mdx

**Function JWT**: validates the application-generated token for each request received and sent by the user. The function follows the business rules defined in the token and can combine these with other elements on the edge to define what behavior should be applied (allowing access or redirecting to the application, usually a logon/sign-in page).

---

## Configuring the JWT function

The function JWT is available in Azion Marketplace. You can access Azion Matketplace by [Azion Console](https://console.azion.com), on the **Products menu** on the upper-left corner, represented by three horizontal lines.

To be executed, the function must be instantiated in the **Applications**. Its activation *criteria* and *behavior* must also be defined within the **Rules Engine** in accordance with the approach already configured in the source application (for example, proprietary versions of OAuth, OpenID, etc., or market versions such as Auth0, Keycloak, etc.).

---

## Creating an Instance

To create a JWT function, you can refer to the guide on [How to install the JWT solution from Azion Marketplace](/en/documentation/products/guides/jwt/)

> **Parameters**: once you've selected the JWT function on you applications a form with the source code will appear in the **Code** field. It's just for information, you can't change it. On the **Args** tab, you'll pass the list of KID pairs (*key IDs*) and secret keys used to generate the signature of the token and save the function. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Parameters**: once you've selected the JWT function on your application a form with the source code will appear in the **Code** field. It's just for information, you can't change it. On the **Args** tab, you'll pass the list of KID pairs (*key IDs*) and secret keys used to generate the signature of the token and save the function. 
```
